https://codepen.io/arllbrt/pen/wvaMbaq

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
   Semantic HTML is used to give meaning to the information in web pages.
2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to create webpages.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a special word that we put inside of tags when we use HTML
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for representing a level 1 heading in an HTML document. You should only use one.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    <input> and <select>
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Metadata 
7. What is an id? 
    An id is most often used in styling and is for when you want to get really specific 
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    id can be added to many elements but not base, head, html, meta, script, style, or title. 
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You can only use an id once. 
10. What is a class? 
    A class is an attribute that is used to style a group of tags 
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    You can add class to many different elements. 
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Yes
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute provides information for an image if the user cannot view it 
15. How do I reference an id?
    with a #hashtag
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A div is just a general container and a section is much more specific. 
17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling webpages
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{ you would just write out the element and curly brackets 

    }
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is for styling groups of tags and it's what you'll use most of the time. id's are used for when you want to get more specific in your styling. 
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    With a . followed by the class name and curly brackets like so
        .class{

        }
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{

    }
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The parent child selector is used to style all of the elements which are inside of another element. I can't exactly say why this would be useful yet as I'm still trying to understand the concept. 
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar{

    }
24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector gives styles to elements that are in a specific state like when you hover over something
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        line-height
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    You can use text-transform to do all of those!
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    You use the wild card selector! *{

    }
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* Like this */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm *insert file name here* and you must be careful because once it's gone it is gone.
34. Why should I use version control? 
    Because it helps teams collaborate around the world and lets you keep track of every single change
35. How often should I commit to github?
    It depends on what you are working on.
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin *insert repo here*
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    -Make sure you're in the Lambda repository
    -Fork the repository to your GitHub acc 
    -Verify that it's forked properly into your repository
    -Click "clone or download" and then copy the URL 
    -Open your folder in your terminal and then type "git clone" and paste your link
    -Go to your cloned repo (cd name-of-repo)
    -Branch by typing "git checkout -b firstname-lastname
    -Open in VS code   
    -git add, commit, and push by using (git add .), (git commit -m "your commit message"), and (git push origin firstname-lastname)